.TH BINHEX L "October 22, 1992"
.UC
.SH NAME
binhex \- Hexifies a series of files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B binhex
[
.B \- options
] [ files ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I binhex
takes the files specified in
.I files
and hexifies them in BinHex 4.0 format on standard output
subject to the
.I options
specified.
If
.I files
also specifies directories they are followed recursively, and all files
found will be hexified.
If no
.I files
parameter is specified, binhex reads a MacBinary stream from standard
input and hexifies the files found; folder information is lost.
.SH OPTIONS
In the absence of any options,
.I binhex
takes the specified files and silently hexifies them to BinHex 4.0
format, writing the result to standard output.
Directories named in
.I files
are followed recursively, all files found will be hexified.
Files are assumed to be in MacBinary format.
However, if the filename ends with .info the file is assumed to be
the info fork of a MacIntosh file split amongst more than one file.
In that case the files with .data and .rsrc extensions
are also read (if present).
Also, if the info fork is mentioned in the parameter list, the names
of data and resource forks can also be mentioned, but those will be
ignored (this is to allow wild-card expansion by the shell.)
Further, if some form of AppleShare is supported by the installed
program, and if the current directory, or one of the directories found
during recursive processing, is a directory in the format of the
supported version of AppleShare, those files will be handled according
to the properties of AppleShare.
.TP
.B \-r
No intelligent file-processing is performed; all files named are assumed
to be plain resource files, and are hexified as if they were
MacIntosh resource files with
creator "RSED" and type "RSRC", unless another creator and/or type are
specified.
.TP
.B \-d
No intelligent file-processing is performed; all files named are assumed
to be plain data files, and are hexified as if they were
MacIntosh data files with
creator "MACA" and type "TEXT", unless another creator and/or type are
specified.
.TP
.B \-u
As -d, but the codes for CR and LF are interchanged.
.TP
.B \-U
Is a synonym for -u.
.TP
.B \-c creator
Defines the creator name to be used if one of the previous options is
specified.
.TP
.B \-t type
Defines the type name to be used if one of the previous options is
specified.
.TP
.B \-R
Do not use run-length encoding during the conversion.
This option may speed up the encoding a bit, but it is merely a
historical artifact.
.TP
.B \-l
List every file and directory processed.
.TP
.B \-i
Do not output files, give information only (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-q
Ask the user for every file/directory whether it should be visited
(implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-V
Gives the patchlevel of the program, and other information.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.TP
.B \-H
Give short information about the options.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.SH BUGS
As this is a beta release, there may still be some problems.
.SH SEE ALSO
macutil(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dik T. Winter, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (dik@cwi.nl)
