.TH FROMMAC L "October 22, 1992"
.UC
.SH NAME
frommac \- Receive files from the Macintosh
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B frommac
[
.B \- options
]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I frommac
receives files from the Macintosh and processes them
subject to the
.I options
specified.
.SH OPTIONS
In the absence of any options,
.I frommac
receives a single file and stores it
in MacBinary format, giving the output file ".bin" extensions and
placing it in the current working directory.
.TP
.B \-3 
Write files in fork format (.info, .data and .rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-f 
As -3, but empty data and rsrc files are not created.
.TP
.B \-r
Write resource forks only (.rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-d
Write data forks only (.data files.)
.TP
.B \-u
As -d, but the codes for CR and LF are interchanged, the filename extension
is .text.
.TP
.B \-U
As -u, but there is no filename extension.
.TP
.B \-a
Write files in AppleShare format.
This option is only valid if the program is compiled with support
for some form of AppleShare.
The current directory must be a valid AppleShare folder.
.TP
.B \-s
Write received files to standard output in MacBinary format.
.TP
.B \-l
List every file received.
.TP
.B \-m
Receive multiple files.
Entering ^X (CNTRL-X) after the last file will terminate the program.
.TP
.B \-x
Use the XMODEM protocol for transmission.
.TP
.B \-y
Use the YMODEM protocol for transmission (not yet supported.)
.TP
.B \-z
Use the ZMODEM protocol for transmission (not yet supported.)
.TP
.B \-o
Use the pre-beta version of XMODEM.
.TP
.B \-T
Allow for time-out detection during the protocol.
Normally you will not need this option because on occasion, when network
delays do occur, time-out detection interferes with a good transmission.
Also, when for some reason the connection is broken the program will
normally receive a hang-up signal and terminate.
However, in some situations it might be necessary to early detect time-outs
(because of communication loss or whatever, without loss of connection).
You should check whether use of this option has profits in your situation
or not.
Normally when transmission errors did occur entering a number of times
^X (CNTRL-X) will gracefully terminate the program.
.TP
.B \-V
Gives the patchlevel of the program, and other information.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.TP
.B \-H
Give short information about the options.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.SH BUGS
As this is a beta release, there may still be some problems.
.SH SEE ALSO
macutil(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dik T. Winter, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (dik@cwi.nl)
.sp 1
Parts of the code are based on codes from:
Dave Johnson.
