.TH HEXBIN L "October 22, 1992"
.UC
.SH NAME
hexbin \- Macintosh file de-binhexer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hexbin
[
.B \- options
] [ files ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I hexbin
takes the text files specified in
.I files
(or standard input if none is specified) and converts them
subject to the
.I options
specified.
.SH OPTIONS
In the absence of any options,
.I hexbin
takes the specified files and silently converts them
into MacBinary format, giving the output files ".bin" extensions and
placing them in the current working directory.
.TP
.B \-3 
Write files in fork format (.info, .data and .rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-f 
As -3, but empty data and rsrc files are not created.
.TP
.B \-r
Write resource forks only (.rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-d
Write data forks only (.data files.)
.TP
.B \-u
As -d, but the codes for CR and LF are interchanged, the filename extension
is .text.
.TP
.B \-U
As -u, but there is no filename extension.
.TP
.B \-a
Write files in AppleShare format.
This option is only valid if the program is compiled with support
for some form of AppleShare.
The current directory must be a valid AppleShare folder.
.TP
.B \-s
Write extracted files to standard output in MacBinary format.
.TP
.B \-l
List every file extracted (and every directory/folder created etc.)
.TP
.B \-v
Like -l, but more verbose.
When this option is specified all lines skipped because they do not
belong to the hexified format are listed (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-i
Do not convert, give information only (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-c
Do not check whether the hexified lines have equal size.
Normally the hexifiers gives text files with equal length line size,
hexbin uses this in its heuristics to determine whether a line must
be skipped.
There are however hexified files that do not conform to that pattern.
If this option is specified hexbin will in general be unable to detect
whether a line is garbage or not, so you have to remove the garbage by
hand.
.TP
.B \-n name
Gives the Unix base file name for the converted files.
For files hexified with BinHex 4.0 or compatible hexifiers this flag
is not needed; hexbin will determine the Unix file name based on the
Mac file name.
For files in dl, hex or hcx format this parameter may be needed as
these formats do not include the Mac filename.
Normally hexbin will in those cases base the Unix file name on the
text file name, but that can be overruled with this parameter.
.TP
.B \-V
Gives the patchlevel of the program, and other information.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.TP
.B \-H
Give short information about the options.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.SH BUGS
As this is a beta release, there may still be some problems.
.SH SEE ALSO
macutil(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dik T. Winter, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (dik@cwi.nl)
.sp 1
Parts of the code are based on codes from:
ahm (?),
Darin Adler,
Jim Budler,
Dave Johnson,
Dan LaLiberte,
Jeff Meyer,
Guido van Rossum.
