.TH MACSTREAM L "October 22, 1992"
.UC
.SH NAME
macstream \- Convert a series of files to a MacBinary stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macstream
[
.B \- options
] files
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I macstream
takes the files specified in
.I files
and combines them to a MacBinary stream on standard output
subject to the
.I options
specified.
If
.I files
also specifies directories they are followed recursively, and all files
found will be put in the MacBinary stream, together with directory
information.
.SH OPTIONS
In the absence of any options,
.I macstream
takes the specified files and silently combines them
to a MacBinary stream, writing the result to standard output.
Directories named in
.I files
are followed recursively, all files found will be put in the MacBinary
stream, together with directory information.
Files are assumed to be in MacBinary format.
However, if the filename ends with .info the file is assumed to be
the info fork of a MacIntosh file split amongst more than one file.
In that case the files with .data and .rsrc extension
are also read (if present).
Also, if the info fork is mentioned in the parameter list, the names
of data and resource forks can also be mentioned, but those will be
ignored (this is to allow wild-card expansion by the shell.)
Further, if some form of AppleShare is supported by the installed
program, and if the current directory, or one of the directories found
during recursive processing, is a directory in the format of the
supported version of AppleShare, those files will be handled according
to the properties of AppleShare.
.TP
.B \-r
No intelligent file-processing is performed; all files named are assumed
to be plain resource files, and are written as MacIntosh resource files with
creator "RSED" and type "RSRC", unless another creator and/or type are
specified.
.TP
.B \-d
No intelligent file-processing is performed; all files named are assumed
to be plain data files, and are written as MacIntosh data files with
creator "MACA" and type "TEXT", unless another creator and/or type are
specified.
.TP
.B \-u
As -d, but the codes for CR and LF are interchanged.
.TP
.B \-U
Is a synonym for -u.
.TP
.B \-c creator
Defines the creator name to be used if one of the previous options is
specified.
.TP
.B \-t type
Defines the type name to be used if one of the previous options is
specified.
.TP
.B \-l
List every file and directory processed.
.TP
.B \-i
Do not output files, give information only (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-q
Ask the user for every file/directory whether it should be visited
(implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-V
Gives the patchlevel of the program, and other information.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.TP
.B \-H
Give short information about the options.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.SH BUGS
As this is a beta release, there may still be some problems.
.SH SEE ALSO
macutil(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dik T. Winter, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (dik@cwi.nl)
