.TH MACSAVE L "October 22, 1992"
.UC
.SH NAME
macsave \- Save Mac files read from standard input
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macsave
[
.B \- options
]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I macsave
reads a sequence of Macintosh MacBinary files from standard input and writes
the files it contains subject to the
.I options
specified.
.SH OPTIONS
In the absence of any options,
.I macsave
reads standard input and silently writes the file(s) it contains
in MacBinary format, giving the output files ".bin" extensions and
placing them in the current working directory.
Subdirectories are created for embedded folders.
.TP
.B \-3 
Write files in fork format (.info, .data and .rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-f 
As -3, but empty data and rsrc files are not created.
.TP
.B \-r
Write resource forks only (.rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-d
Write data forks only (.data files.)
.TP
.B \-u
As -d, but the codes for CR and LF are interchanged, the filename extension
is .text.
.TP
.B \-U
As -u, but there is no filename extension.
.TP
.B \-a
Write files in AppleShare format.
This option is only valid if the program is compiled with support
for some form of AppleShare.
The current directory must be a valid AppleShare folder.
.TP
.B \-s
Write extracted files to standard output in MacBinary format.
.TP
.B \-l
List every file extracted (and every directory/folder created etc.)
.TP
.B \-v
Like -l, but more verbose (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-i
Do not extract, give information only (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-q
Ask the user for every file/folder whether it should be extracted
(implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-V
Gives the patchlevel of the program, and other information.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.TP
.B \-H
Give short information about the options.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.SH BUGS
As this is a beta release, there may still be some problems.
.SH SEE ALSO
macutil(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dik T. Winter, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (dik@cwi.nl)
