.TH MACUNPACK L "October 22, 1992"
.UC
.SH NAME
macunpack \- Macintosh file de-archiver
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macunpack
[
.B \- options
] [ file ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I macunpack
takes the Macintosh MacBinary archive specified in
.I file
(or standard input if none is specified) and extracts the files it
contains subject to the
.I options
specified.
The program will also accept the data fork of the archive for some kinds
of archive as standard input.
.SH OPTIONS
In the absence of any options,
.I macunpack
takes the specified archive and silently extracts the file(s) it contains
into MacBinary format, giving the output files ".bin" extensions and
placing them in the current working directory.
Subdirectories are created for embedded folders.
.TP
.B \-3 
Write files in fork format (.info, .data and .rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-f 
As -3, but empty data and rsrc files are not created.
.TP
.B \-r
Write resource forks only (.rsrc files.)
.TP
.B \-d
Write data forks only (.data files.)
.TP
.B \-u
As -d, but the codes for CR and LF are interchanged, the filename extension
is .text.
.TP
.B \-U
As -u, but there is no filename extension.
.TP
.B \-a
Write files in AppleShare format.
This option is only valid if the program is compiled with support
for some form of AppleShare.
The current directory must be a valid AppleShare folder.
.TP
.B \-s
Write extracted files to standard output in MacBinary format.
.TP
.B \-l
List every file extracted (and every directory/folder created etc.)
.TP
.B \-v
Like -l, but more verbose (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-i
Do not extract, give information only (implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-q
Ask the user for every file/folder whether it should be extracted
(implies -l.)
.TP
.B \-V
Gives the patchlevel of the program, and other information.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.TP
.B \-H
Give short information about the options.
Other options are ignored and the program quits immediately.
.SH BUGS
As this is a beta release, there may still be some problems.  Archives
that are password protected and multi-file archives
are not dealt with.
.SH SEE ALSO
macutil(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dik T. Winter, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands (dik@cwi.nl)
.sp 1
Parts of the code are based on codes from:
Steve Davies,
Rahul Dhesi,
Casper H.S. Dik,
Jim McKie,
Mark G. Mendel,
Haruhiko Okumura,
Joe Orost,
Samuel H. Smith,
Yooichi Tagawa,
Spencer W. Thomas,
Ken Turkowski,
Allan G. Weber,
James A. Woods and
Haruyasu Yoshizaki.
